Help! Help!
Help!
Ah!
Jin Feng, you are an adult
well known
The smoke from the fire was hot and dry
If you inhale a large amount before death
It must leave a mark in the throat
That is to say
The two men did not die in the fire
He died before the fire started.
What? And according to the dossier
My second uncle Qin Yuantu stole property
Let the tiger go
Household servant Zhang Ji and his eldest son
He died in the sea of fire
What if Zhang Jizeren died before the fire?
Adults even so
Then the picture with your own eyes can't wash away the salted fish.
After he parted ways with my father
In a hurry, I went to set a fire
Maybe he killed someone first
The fire is just to drown the evidence, my lord, to destroy the evidence
Mr. Zhang, let me ask you another question. What question?
Since it was my second uncle who killed your father and then set it on fire
Then how did your brother die?
There's no smoke in your brother's throat
Which means it wasn't a fire either
And according to the authentic
After my second uncle came to Zhang Mansion
Stayed in the room of the deceased
After the second uncle leaves
That's when the fire started
This was just confirmed with Lord Fu Yin
That's right, then I'll ask you again
Who killed your brother?